About Martas:
Martas is a confident and organized aspiring AI entrepreneur, driven by its potential to revolutionize sectors with the goal of enhancing the industrial, financial and agricultural sectors. He brings a strong work ethic, a thirst for learning and a unique perspective with the commitment to contributing positively to any team he joins. 

Internships and Experience:
DAICS Specialist at IX Asia Indexes (now IX Capital International) 2023/04-Present 
    Researched and analysed the Digital Assets (Cryptocurrencies and Asset-Backed Tokens), understanding their nature and underlying protocol to classify them based on the Digital Asset Industry Classification System® (DAICS®) Methodology. 
    Panel Speaker at TechSauce Global Summit 2023 Bangkok on "Web 3 & Crypto Adoption and Regulation".
    Best Presenter at HK Fintech Impetus Award 2023 by KPMG/Metro Radio.
    Presented and won the award for ‘Metaverse, NFT, And DeFi’ Category in IFTA Fintech and Innovation Awards 2022/23 for DAEM Technology   Limited (a spinoff affiliate of IX Asia Indexes) 
    Acted as a bridge between developer and iAM Smart ITE Support to integrate iAM Smart into the company's mobile application.
Software Quality Assurance Engineer (Intern) at IX Fintech Limited 2021/06-2021/08 
    Identified and documented issues and defects in the company’s mobile application and suggested new features.
AI Engineer (Intern) at MoveIt MoveIt 2022/12-2023/01 
Cleaning and pre-processing of thousands of data for furniture detection algorithm that used yoloV5.


Career Goal:
Martas's career goal is to leverage their expertise in AI and emerging technologies to drive meaningful innovation and create solutions that positively impact businesses and society especially in Nepal.

Technical Skills: 
Pytorch & Tensorflow2 Keras 
ReactJS 
Microsoft Azure Fundamentals 
OpenCV4 
BERT & Hugging Face Transformers 
R Programming 
Pandas, Numpy & Matplotlib 

Soft Skills:
Good Communication, Critical Thinking, Leadership, Resourcefulness, 
Teamwork, Openness to Criticism, 

Certifications:
The Complete Machine Learning and Data Science Bootcamp 2023, Udemy, November 2022 – Present 
Modern Computer Vision Pytorch, Tensorflow2 Keras & OpenCV4, Udemy, February 2023 – Present 
Advance Your Skills in Natural Language Processing learning path, LinkedIn Learning, September 2023 – Present 
R for Data Science, LinkedIn Learning, October 2023 – Present
Azure Fundamentals (AZ-900), LinkedIn Learning, October 2023 – Present
Mental Health First Aid Captain, MHFA HK, September 2023 – October 2023

Achievements:
Spearheaded AI projects at IBM, resulting in a 30% increase in user engagement.
Utilized IBM's watsonx service to help over 1000 companies from various domains automate their HR processes, from hiring to onboarding, contributing to a 100% positive feedback rate from companies.

Contact:
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/martas-the-atom-gautam-a7a714188/
Phone: 123-456-789
Location: Toronto, Ontario

Strengths and Advantages:
Martas's strengths lie in a profound passion for technology, innovative problem-solving, and client-centric solutions.

Weaknesses and Disadvantages:
Martas's unwavering pursuit of excellence may occasionally lead to in-depth analysis, more than necessary, but it ensures the delivery of high-quality services.

HOBBIES & LIKES 
Hiking, Numismatics, Street Food,  
Swimming (even though he doesn’t know 
how to swim, he just loves going into 
water), Anime, Tea tasting, Football, 
Cricket 

Portfolio:
Explore Martas's portfolio of innovative projects at cognitiveclass.ai, showcasing expertise and tailored solutions. This website also serves as a showcase for some of Martas's remarkable projects. Constructed using generative AI and Python, the website aims to inspire visitors with innovative ideas on seamlessly integrating generative AI into their own portfolio websites. Feel free to explore and ignite your creativity!

Availability:
Martas is actively seeking new opportunities and is ready to start from June 2024.

References:
References are available upon request.
